README.md, before:

# post-task

A pre-configured progressively-enhancement utility function based on the Scheduler API.

If the scheduler API is available, use it.
If not, but `requestIdleCallback` is, then use that. Otherwise set a timeout.

The Scheduler API relies on browser heuristics, while the fallbacks wait and
call back (in the case of `requestIdleCallback`, as soon as possible in idle time
and definitely at the timeout, for `setTimeout` only at the timeout).

If not in a browser environment, call back immediately.

The tasks all return a `Promise<void>` since the `scheduler.postTask` returns
one, but without any return value.

The API is preconfigured with defaults to schedule tasks, based on the
[`scheduler.postTask` API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Scheduler/postTask).

This function is useful for breaking up chunks of work and freeing the main
thread, particularly important when focusing on the
[Interaction to Next Paint](https://web.dev/articles/inp)
web vital.

## Use

```js
import postTask from "post-task";

// ...
postTask(() => {
	trackEvent("something-happened");
}, "background");
```

## Formats

This package is equally available as ESM and CJS and has a single, default
export.
The code is identical between the formats except on the exporting itself.

Commit message:

feat: align with upstream, fork name (#1)
Integrates all the upstream changes, and forks the package with a new name and a dev version: notably drops the CJS version.

README.md, after:

# @dagher/post-task

A pre-configured progressively-enhancement utility function based on the
[Scheduler API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Prioritized_Task_Scheduling_API).

If the Scheduler API is available, use it. Otherwise set a timeout as a
fallback.

The Scheduler API relies on browser heuristics, while the fallback waits and
calls back only after a certain time has passed.

The tasks all return a `Promise<void>` since the `scheduler.postTask` returns
one.

The interface re-exposes the values accepted for the
[`scheduler.postTask` API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Scheduler/postTask)
and forwards them through when that API is available.

The fallbacks are configured as following:

| Priority          | Timeout delay (ms) |
| ----------------- | ------------------ |
| `"user-blocking"` | 0                  |
| `"user-visible"`  | 0                  |
| `"background"`    | 150                |

There is one exception: if a priority of `"user-blocking"` is passed, and the
Scheduler API is not available, the fallback will be
[`queueMicrotask`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/queueMicrotask)
if that function
[is available, which it usually will be, including in Node.js](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/queueMicrotask#browser_compatibility).

This function is useful for breaking up chunks of work and allowing the event
loop to cycle, which is particularly important when focusing on the
[Interaction to Next Paint](https://web.dev/articles/inp)
web vital and of course the smooth interaction which it tries to measure.

## Use

```js
import postTask from "@dagher/post-task";

// ...
postTask(() => {
  trackEvent("something-happened");
}, "background");
```
